feature/text-column-addition (#14)
fivetran/dbt_qualtrics: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_qualtrics v0.4.0

[PR #14](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_qualtrics/pull/14) and [PR #15](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_qualtrics/pull/15) includes the following updates:

## Schema & Data Updates

> **2 new columns and 2 schema changes. See [v0.4.0 dbt_qualtrics_source release](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_qualtrics_source/releases/tag/v0.4.0) release for upstream column addition**

Reviewer: Same question as the source!

Author: Same response from the source. Since this update isn't going to break any workflows, I opted to call it out as a schema change and not a breaking change. Existing users don't need to take any action unless they want to leverage the new field.

Author: Same as the source, I updated the wording of the CHANGELOG to more clearly highlight this.

| Data Model | Change Type | Old Name | New Name | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | `qualtrics__response` | New column |  | `response_text` | Text of the question response. |

Reviewer: In the source, the notes say "Captures the free text response associated with the question." Maybe use the same notes here too?

Author: Thanks for calling out. Will update to be the same note for consistency.

Author: Updated.

> | `qualtrics__response` | New column |  | `response_text` | Text of the question response. |
> | `stg_qualtrics__question_response` | New column |  | `response_text` | Text of the question response. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `qualtrics__response` | New column |  | `response_text` | Captures the free text response associated with the question. |
| `stg_qualtrics__question_response` | New column |  | `response_text` | Captures the free text response associated with the question. |
```
